                                                                                                                   PRESS RELEASE




MSCI Equity Indexes May 2018 Index Review
New York - May 14, 2018 - MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and analytics,
announced today the results of the May 2018 Semi-Annual Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes –
including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI Global Small Cap and MSCI Micro Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global Value
and Growth Indexes, the MSCI Frontier Markets, and MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global
Islamic and MSCI Global Islamic Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Pan-Euro and MSCI Euro Indexes, the MSCI US
Equity Indexes, the MSCI US REIT Index, the MSCI China A Onshore Indexes and the MSCI China All Shares
Indexes. All changes will be implemented as of the close of May 31, 2018. These changes have been posted on
the Index Review web page on MSCI's web site at https://www.msci.com/index-review.

Inclusion of China A Shares: Coinciding with this Index Review, MSCI will implement the first step of the partial
inclusion of China A shares in the MSCI China Index as well as relevant global and regional composite indexes,
such as the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. There will be 234 China A shares added 1 at 2.5% of their FIF 2-
adjusted market capitalization, representing aggregate weights of 1.26% and 0.39%, respectively, in the MSCI
China Index and the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. The second step of the inclusion will coincide with the
August 2018 Quarterly Index Review, when the representation of the FIF-adjusted market capitalization of
China A shares will increase to 5%.

MSCI China A Inclusion Index: There will be 11 additions to and nine deletions from the MSCI China A Inclusion
Index resulting in 234 index constituents. As a reminder, the index is designed to represent the performance of
China A shares included in the MSCI China Index.

MSCI Global Standard Indexes: Three hundred fifty-one securities, out of which 234 are China A shares, will be
added to and 53 securities will be deleted from the MSCI ACWI Index. In the MSCI World Index, the three
largest additions measured by full company market capitalization will be Westlake Chemical Corp (US), Nektar
Therapeutics (US) and Abiomed (US). The three largest additions to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index
measured by full company market capitalization will be ICBC A (China), China Construction Bank A (China) and
Petrochina Co A (China).

MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes: There will be 380 additions to and 303 deletions from the MSCI ACWI Small
Cap Index.

MSCI Global Investable Market Indexes: There will be 621 additions to and 246 deletions from the MSCI ACWI
Investable Market Index (IMI).

MSCI Global All Cap Indexes: There will be 380 additions to and 113 deletions from the MSCI World All Cap
Index.

MSCI Frontier Markets Indexes: There will be nine additions to and four deletions from the MSCI Frontier
Markets Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI Frontier Markets Index measured by full company


1
  Additions to the MSCI China Indexes, including A shares will be cancelled if they are suspended on the day prior to the effective
implementation date of the May 2018 Semi-Annual Index Review.
2
  Foreign Inclusion Factor
                                                                                                                PRESS RELEASE


market capitalization will be Central Puerto ADR 3 (Argentina), Gulf Bank (Kuwait) and Loma Negra ADR
(Argentina). There will be 18 additions to and 15 deletions from the MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Index.

MSCI will launch the MSCI Iceland Investable Market Index as part of the May 2018 Semi-Annual Index Review.
The index will initially include one Standard Size-Segment constituent and ten Small Cap Size-Segment
constituents.

MSCI Global Islamic Indexes: Forty-two securities will be added to and 59 securities will be deleted from the
MSCI ACWI Islamic Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be Shire (UK), Singapore Telecom (Singapore) and Target Corp (US). There will be one
addition to and seven deletions from the MSCI Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Countries ex Saudi Arabia IMI
Islamic Index.

MSCI US Equity Indexes: There will be five securities added to and two securities deleted from the MSCI US
Large Cap 300 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be Servicenow, Red Hat and Workday A.

Eighteen securities will be added to and 20 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index. The
three largest additions to the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index measured by full company market capitalization will
be Davita Healthcare Partners, L Brands and Grubhub.

Seventy-seven securities will be added to and 35 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Small Cap 1750
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Small Cap 1750 Index measured by full company market
capitalization will be Carter Holdings, National Fuel Gas Co and Nuance Communications.

There will be 19 additions to and 30 deletions from the MSCI US Micro Cap Index.

For the MSCI US Investable Market Value Index, there will be 169 additions or upward changes in Value
Inclusion Factor (VIFs), and 100 deletions or downward changes in VIFs. For the MSCI US Investable Market
Growth Index, there will be 116 additions or upward changes in Growth Inclusion Factors (GIFs), and 114
deletions or downward changes in GIFs.

MSCI US REIT Index: There will be three additions to and no deletions from the MSCI US REIT Index. The
additions to the MSCI US REIT Index will be Vici Properties, Americold Realty and Industrial Logis Properties
Trust.

MSCI China All Shares Indexes: There will be 40 additions to and 25 deletions from the MSCI China All Shares
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China All Shares Index will be Shanghai Electric Group A, Zhongan
Online P&C H and China Lodging Group ADR. There will be 118 additions to and 123 deletions from the MSCI
China All Shares Small Cap Index.

MSCI China A Onshore Indexes: There will be 23 additions to and 88 deletions from the MSCI China A Onshore
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China A Onshore Index will be Hengli Petrochemical A, Heilan


3
 Note: The addition of Central Puerto ADR to the MSCI Argentina Index is not reflected in the reports (e.g. Country Reports, Comparison
Reports) as of the price cutoff date, April 23, 2018. It is reflected as part of the Refreshed Comparison Reports as of May 11, 2018 and
will be reflected as part of the daily files starting May 15, 2018.
                                                                                                                                                                 PRESS RELEASE


Home Co A and Avic Shenyang Aircraft A. There will be 168 additions to and 28 deletions from the MSCI China A
Onshore Small Cap Index.




                                                                                           -Ends-



About MSCI
For more than 40 years, MSCI’s research-based indexes and analytics have helped the world’s leading investors build and
manage better portfolios. Clients rely on our offerings for deeper insights into the drivers of performance and risk in their
portfolios, broad asset class coverage and innovative research.
Our line of products and services includes indexes, analytical models, data, real estate benchmarks and ESG research.
MSCI serves 99 of the top 100 largest money managers, according to the most recent P&I ranking.
For more information, visit us at www.msci.com.



Media Inquiries
PR@msci.com

Sam Wang                                                                                                        +1 212 804 5244



MSCI Global Client Service
EMEA Client Service                                                                                             + 44 20 7618.2222
Americas Client Service                                                                                         1 888 588 4567 (toll free)
Asia Pacific Client Service                                                                                     + 852 2844 9333


This document and all of the information contained in it, including without limitation all text, data, graphs, charts (collectively, the “Information”) is the property of MSCI Inc. or its
subsidiaries (collectively, “MSCI”), or MSCI’s licensors, direct or indirect suppliers or any third party involved in making or compiling any Information (collectively, with MSCI, the
“Information Providers”) and is provided for informational purposes only. The Information may not be modified, reverse-engineered, reproduced or redisseminated in whole or in part
without prior written permission from MSCI.

The Information may not be used to create derivative works or to verify or correct other data or information. For example (but without limitation), the Information may not be used to
create indexes, databases, risk models, analytics, software, or in connection with the issuing, offering, sponsoring, managing or marketing of any securities, portfolios, financial products or
other investment vehicles utilizing or based on, linked to, tracking or otherwise derived from the Information or any other MSCI data, information, products or services.

The user of the Information assumes the entire risk of any use it may make or permit to be made of the Information. NONE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION (OR THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE USE THEREOF), AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH INFORMATION PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ORIGINALITY,
ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE INFORMATION.

Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall any Information Provider have any liability regarding any of the Information
for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential (including lost profits) or any other damages even if notified of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing shall not exclude or
limit any liability that may not by applicable law be excluded or limited, including without limitation (as applicable), any liability for death or personal injury to the extent that such injury
results from the negligence or willful default of itself, its servants, agents or sub-contractors.

Information containing any historical information, data or analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis, forecast or prediction. Past
performance does not guarantee future results.
                                                                                                                                                                   PRESS RELEASE


The Information should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making
investment and other business decisions. All Information is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of any person, entity or group of persons.

None of the Information constitutes an offer to sell (or a solicitation of an offer to buy), any security, financial product or other investment vehicle or any trading strategy.

It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class or trading strategy or other category represented by an index is only available through third party investable
instruments (if any) based on that index. MSCI does not issue, sponsor, endorse, market, offer, review or otherwise express any opinion regarding any fund, ETF, derivative or other
security, investment, financial product or trading strategy that is based on, linked to or seeks to provide an investment return related to the performance of any MSCI index (collectively,
“Index Linked Investments”). MSCI makes no assurance that any Index Linked Investments will accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns. MSCI Inc. is not
an investment adviser or fiduciary and MSCI makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in any Index Linked Investments.

Index returns do not represent the results of actual trading of investible assets/securities. MSCI maintains and calculates indexes, but does not manage actual assets. Index returns do not
reflect payment of any sales charges or fees an investor may pay to purchase the securities underlying the index or Index Linked Investments. The imposition of these fees and charges
would cause the performance of an Index Linked Investment to be different than the MSCI index performance.

The Information may contain back tested data. Back-tested performance is not actual performance, but is hypothetical. There are frequently material differences between back tested
performance results and actual results subsequently achieved by any investment strategy.

Constituents of MSCI equity indexes are listed companies, which are included in or excluded from the indexes according to the application of the relevant index methodologies. Accordingly,
constituents in MSCI equity indexes may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI. Inclusion of a security within an MSCI index is not a recommendation by MSCI to buy, sell,
or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.

Data and information produced by various affiliates of MSCI Inc., including MSCI ESG Research LLC and Barra LLC, may be used in calculating certain MSCI indexes. More information can be
found in the relevant index methodologies on www.msci.com.

MSCI receives compensation in connection with licensing its indexes to third parties. MSCI Inc.’s revenue includes fees based on assets in Index Linked Investments. Information can be
found in MSCI Inc.’s company filings on the Investor Relations section of www.msci.com.

MSCI ESG Research LLC is a Registered Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and a subsidiary of MSCI Inc. Except with respect to any applicable products or
services from MSCI ESG Research, neither MSCI nor any of its products or services recommends, endorses, approves or otherwise expresses any opinion regarding any issuer, securities,
financial products or instruments or trading strategies and MSCI’s products or services are not intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from
making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. Issuers mentioned or included in any MSCI ESG Research materials may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or
suppliers to MSCI, and may also purchase research or other products or services from MSCI ESG Research. MSCI ESG Research materials, including materials utilized in any MSCI ESG
Indexes or other products, have not been submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body.

Any use of or access to products, services or information of MSCI requires a license from MSCI. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics, IPD, InvestorForce, and other MSCI brands and product names are
the trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of MSCI or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was
developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s. “Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS)” is a service mark of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s.
