                                                                                                Press Release


   MSCI Equity Indexes February 2015 Index Review
Geneva – February 11, 2015 – MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of investment decision support
tools worldwide, including indexes, portfolio risk and performance analytics and ESG data and research,
announced today the results of the February 2015 Quarterly Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes –
including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI Global Small Cap and MSCI Micro Cap Indexes, the MSCI
Global Value and Growth Indexes, the MSCI Frontier Markets and MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap
Indexes, the MSCI Global Islamic and MSCI Global Islamic Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Pan‐Euro and
MSCI Euro Indexes, the MSCI US Equity Indexes, the MSCI US REIT Index and the MSCI China A Indexes.
All changes will be implemented as of the close of February 27, 2015. These changes have been posted
on the Index Review web page on MSCI’s web site at
http://www.msci.com/products/indexes/size/standard/index_review.html.

MSCI Global Standard Indexes: Ten securities will be added to and nine securities will be deleted
from the MSCI ACWI Index. In the MSCI World Index, the three largest additions measured by full
company market capitalization will be Endesa (Spain), Alkermes (USA) and Isis Pharmaceuticals (USA).
The three largest additions to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index measured by full company market
capitalization will be Bosch (India), Hanssem Co (Korea) and Wan Hai Lines (Taiwan).

MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes: There will be nine additions to and 16 deletions from the MSCI
ACWI Small Cap Index.

MSCI Global Investable Market Indexes: There will be two additions to and eight deletions from
the MSCI ACWI IMI.

MSCI Global All Cap Indexes: There will be one addition to and two deletions from the MSCI World
All Cap Index.

MSCI Global Value and Growth Indexes: At the February 2015 Quarterly Index Review, Isis
Pharmaceuticals (USA) will be added to both the MSCI ACWI Value Index and the MSCI ACWI Growth
Index, with a Value Inclusion Factor of 0.5 and a Growth Inclusion Factor of 0.5. Endesa (Spain) will also
be added to MSCI ACWI Value Index, while the three largest additions to MSCI ACWI Growth Index
measured by full company market capitalization will be Bosch (India), Alkermes (USA) and West Fraser
Timber (Canada).

MSCI Frontier Markets Indexes: There will be no additions to or deletions from the MSCI Frontier
Markets Index.

There will be no additions to or deletions from the MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Index.

MSCI Global Islamic Indexes: Twenty‐seven securities will be added to and 18 securities will be
deleted from the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index
measured by full company market capitalization will be Actavis (USA), Nippon Steel & Sumitomo (Japan)
and Sun Pharmaceutical (India). There will be one addition to and no deletions from the MSCI Gulf
Cooperation Council (GCC) Countries ex Saudi Arabia IMI Islamic Index.


                                                                                                       msci.com
                                                1 of 3
                                                                                                                     Press Release


MSCI US Equity Indexes: There will be three securities added to and no securities deleted from the
MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index. The three additions to the MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index will be Southwest
Airlines Co, Avago Technologies and United Continental Hld.

One security will be added to and six securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index. The
addition to the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index will be Isis Pharmaceuticals.

Three securities will be added to and one security will be deleted from the MSCI US Small Cap 1750
Index. The additions to the MSCI US Small Cap 1750 Index will be Zulily A, SM Energy and Denbury
Resources.

There will be no additions to and no deletions from the MSCI US Micro Cap Index.

For the MSCI US Investable Market Value Index, there will be one addition or upward change in Value
Inclusion Factor (VIF), and no deletions or downward changes in VIFs. For the MSCI US Investable
Market Growth Index, there will be no additions or upward changes in Growth Inclusion Factors (GIFs),
and one deletion or downward change in GIF.

MSCI US REIT Index: There will be no additions to or deletions from the MSCI US REIT Index.

MSCI China A Indexes: There will be two additions to and no deletions from the MSCI China A Index.
The additions to the MSCI China A Index will be China Communications Construction A and Hubei Energy
Group Co A. There will be no additions to and one deletion from the MSCI China A Small Cap Index.

The results of the February 2015 Quarterly Index Review of the MSCI Pan‐Euro and MSCI Euro Indexes
and the MSCI Global Islamic Small Cap Indexes have also been posted on MSCI’s web site at
www.msci.com.


                                                                   ‐Ends‐


About MSCI
MSCI Inc. is a leading provider of investment decision support tools to investors globally, including asset managers, banks,
hedge funds and pension funds. MSCI products and services include indexes, portfolio risk and performance analytics, and ESG
data and research.
The company’s flagship product offerings are: the MSCI indexes with over USD 9.5 trillion estimated to be benchmarked to
them on a worldwide basis1; Barra multi‐asset class factor models, portfolio risk and performance analytics; RiskMetrics multi‐
asset class market and credit risk analytics; IPD real estate information, indexes and analytics; MSCI ESG (environmental, social
and governance) Research screening, analysis and ratings; and FEA valuation models and risk management software for the
energy and commodities markets. MSCI is headquartered in New York, with research and commercial offices around the world.
1
    As of June 30, 2014, as reported on September 30, 2014, by eVestment, Morningstar and Bloomberg

For further information on MSCI, please visit our web site at www.msci.com



Media Enquiries:
Kristin Meza, MSCI, New York                                                           + 1.646.732.5330




                                                                                                                              msci.com
                                                                 2 of 3
                                                                                                                                                            Press Release

Paul Griffin, MSCI, London                                                                               + 44.20.7618.2594
Nick Denton | Christian Pickel, MHP Communications, London                                               + 44.20.3128.8754/8208

MSCI Global Client Service:
EMEA Client Service                                                                                      + 44.20.7618.2222
Americas Client Service                                                                                  1.888.588.4567 (toll free)/+ 1.212.804.3901
Asia Pacific Client Service                                                                              + 852.2844.9333


This document and all of the information contained in it, including without limitation all text, data, graphs, charts (collectively, the “Information”) is the property of
MSCI Inc. or its subsidiaries (collectively, “MSCI”), or MSCI’s licensors, direct or indirect suppliers or any third party involved in making or compiling any Information
(collectively, with MSCI, the “Information Providers”) and is provided for informational purposes only. The Information may not be modified, reverse‐engineered,
reproduced or redisseminated in whole or in part without prior written permission from MSCI.
The Information may not be used to create derivative works or to verify or correct other data or information. For example (but without limitation), the Information
may not be used to create indexes, databases, risk models, analytics, software, or in connection with the issuing, offering, sponsoring, managing or marketing of any
securities, portfolios, financial products or other investment vehicles utilizing or based on, linked to, tracking or otherwise derived from the Information or any
other MSCI data, information, products or services.
The user of the Information assumes the entire risk of any use it may make or permit to be made of the Information. NONE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS
MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION (OR THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE USE
THEREOF), AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH INFORMATION PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ORIGINALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, NON‐INFRINGEMENT, COMPLETENESS,
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE INFORMATION.
Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall any Information Provider have any liability
regarding any of the Information for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential (including lost profits) or any other damages even if notified of the
possibility of such damages. The foregoing shall not exclude or limit any liability that may not by applicable law be excluded or limited, including without limitation
(as applicable), any liability for death or personal injury to the extent that such injury results from the negligence or willful default of itself, its servants, agents or
sub‐contractors.
Information containing any historical information, data or analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis, forecast or
prediction. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
The Information should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or
clients when making investment and other business decisions. All Information is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of any person, entity or group of persons.
None of the Information constitutes an offer to sell (or a solicitation of an offer to buy), any security, financial product or other investment vehicle or any trading
strategy.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class or trading strategy or other category represented by an index is only available through
third party investable instruments (if any) based on that index. MSCI does not issue, sponsor, endorse, market, offer, review or otherwise express any opinion
regarding any fund, ETF, derivative or other security, investment, financial product or trading strategy that is based on, linked to or seeks to provide an investment
return related to the performance of any MSCI index (collectively, “Index Linked Investments”). MSCI makes no assurance that any Index Linked Investments will
accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns. MSCI Inc. is not an investment adviser or fiduciary and MSCI makes no representation
regarding the advisability of investing in any Index Linked Investments.
Index returns do not represent the results of actual trading of investible assets/securities. MSCI maintains and calculates indexes, but does not manage actual
assets. Index returns do not reflect payment of any sales charges or fees an investor may pay to purchase the securities underlying the index or Index Linked
Investments. The imposition of these fees and charges would cause the performance of an Index Linked Investment to be different than the MSCI index
performance.
The Information may contain back tested data. Back‐tested performance is not actual performance, but is hypothetical. There are frequently material differences
between back tested performance results and actual results subsequently achieved by any investment strategy.
Constituents of MSCI equity indexes are listed companies, which are included in or excluded from the indexes according to the application of the relevant index
methodologies. Accordingly, constituents in MSCI equity indexes may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI. Inclusion of a security within an MSCI
index is not a recommendation by MSCI to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.
Data and information produced by various affiliates of MSCI Inc., including MSCI ESG Research Inc. and Barra LLC, may be used in calculating certain MSCI equity
indexes. More information can be found in the relevant standard equity index methodologies on www.msci.com.
MSCI receives compensation in connection with licensing its indexes to third parties. MSCI Inc.’s revenue includes fees based on assets in investment products
linked to MSCI equity indexes. Information can be found in MSCI’s company filings on the Investor Relations section of www.msci.com.
MSCI ESG Research Inc. is a Registered Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and a subsidiary of MSCI Inc. Except with respect to any
applicable products or services from MSCI ESG Research, neither MSCI nor any of its products or services recommends, endorses, approves or otherwise expresses
any opinion regarding any issuer, securities, financial products or instruments or trading strategies and neither MSCI nor any of its products or services is intended
to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. Issuers
mentioned or included in any MSCI ESG Research materials may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI, and may also purchase research or other
products or services from MSCI ESG Research. MSCI ESG Research materials, including materials utilized in any MSCI ESG Indexes or other products, have not been
submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body.
Any use of or access to products, services or information of MSCI requires a license from MSCI. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics, IPD, FEA, InvestorForce, and other MSCI
brands and product names are the trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of MSCI or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. The
Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s. “Global Industry Classification
Standard (GICS)” is a service mark of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s.




                                                                                                                                                                        msci.com
                                                                              3 of 3
