                                                                                      PRESS RELEASE




MSCI Equity Indexes May 2022 Index Review
London - May 12, 2022 - MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of critical decision support tools
and services for the global investment community, announced the results of the May 2022 Semi-
Annual Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes - including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI Global
Small Cap and MSCI Micro Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global Value and Growth Indexes, the MSCI Frontier
Markets, and MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global Islamic Indexes, the MSCI US
Equity Indexes, the MSCI US REIT Index, the MSCI China A Onshore indexes and the MSCI China All
Shares Indexes. All changes will be implemented as of the close of May 31, 2022. These changes have
been posted on the Index Review web page on MSCI's web site at https://www.msci.com/index-
review.

MSCI Global Standard Indexes: Eighty-eight securities will be added to and 109 securities will be
deleted from the MSCI ACWI Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI World Index measured by
full company market capitalization will be Roblox Corp A (USA), Volvo Car B (Sweden) and Quanta
Services (USA). The three largest additions to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index measured by full
company market capitalization will be International Company For Water And Power (Saudi Arabia),
Orient Overseas (CN) (China) and Guangzhou Auto A (Hk-C) (China).

MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes: There will be 490 additions to and 330 deletions from the MSCI ACWI
Small Cap Index.

MSCI Global Investable Market Indexes: There will be 460 additions to and 321 deletions from the
MSCI ACWI Investable Market Index (IMI).

MSCI Global All Cap Indexes: There will be 477 additions to and 106 deletions from the MSCI World
All Cap Index.

MSCI Frontier Markets Indexes: There will be eleven additions to and three deletions from the MSCI
Frontier Markets Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI Frontier Markets Index measured by
full company market capitalization will be Oil & Gas Development (Pakistan), Duc Giang Chemical
Group (Vietnam) and VNDirect Securities Corp (Vietnam). There will be 19 additions to and 16
deletions from the MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Index.

In light of currently observed market accessibility issues, MSCI will not implement changes as part of
this Index Review for any securities classified in Nigeria or Sri Lanka for the MSCI Nigeria and MSCI Sri
Lanka Indexes or impacted composite indexes.

MSCI Global Islamic Indexes: Fifty-one securities will be added to and 52 securities will be deleted
from the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index
measured by full company market capitalization will be Emirates Telecom Corp (United Arab
Emirates), Air Liquide (France) and CP Railway (Canada). There will be five additions to and three
deletions from the MSCI Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Countries ex Saudi Arabia IMI Islamic Index.

MSCI US Equity Indexes: There will be five securities added to and four securities deleted from the
MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index
measured by full company market capitalization will be Occidental Petroleum, Nucor Corp and Trade
                                                                                             PRESS RELEASE

Desk A.

Twenty-nine securities will be added to and 21 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Mid Cap
450 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be Roblox Corp A, Applovin Corp A and Chewy A.

One hundred fifty-seven securities will be added to and 121 securities will be deleted from the MSCI
US Small Cap 1750 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Small Cap 1750 Index measured
by full company market capitalization will be Procore Technologies, Old Republic International Corp
and Samsara A.

There will be 127 additions to and eleven deletions from the MSCI US Micro Cap Index.

For the MSCI US Investable Market Value Index, there will be 139 additions or upward changes in
Value Inclusion Factor (VIFs), and 174 deletions or downward changes in VIFs. For the MSCI US
Investable Market Growth Index, there will be 265 additions or upward changes in Growth Inclusion
Factors (GIFs), and 162 deletions or downward changes in GIFs.

MSCI US REIT Index: There will be seven additions to and no deletions from the MSCI US REIT Index.
The three largest additions to the MSCI US REIT Index will be Inventrust Properties, Preferred
Apartment Communities and CBL & Associates Properties.

MSCI China A Onshore Indexes: There will be 21 additions to and 15 deletions from the MSCI China A
Onshore Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China A Onshore Index will be Beigene A, Jinko
Solar Co A and Guangzhou Auto Group A. There will be 121 additions to and 42 deletions from the
MSCI China A Onshore Small Cap Index.

MSCI China All Shares Indexes: There will be 32 additions to and 49 deletions from the MSCI China All
Shares Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China All Shares Index will be Jinko Solar Co A,
Orient Overseas (CN) and Guangzhou Auto Group A. There will be 170 additions to and 116 deletions
from the MSCI China All Shares Small Cap Index.

For more information, please visit www.msci.com.

                                                     -Ends-

About MSCI
MSCI is a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community.
With over 50 years of expertise in research, data and technology, we power better investment decisions by
enabling clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently build more effective
portfolios. We create industry-leading research-enhanced solutions that clients use to gain insight into and
improve transparency across the investment process. To learn more, please visit www.msci.com.



Media Inquiries
PR@msci.com

Sam Wang                                                         +1 212 804 5244
Melanie Blanco                                                   +1 212 981 1049
                                                                                                                                                      PRESS RELEASE

Laura Hudson                                                                                             +44 20 7336 9653


MSCI Global Client Service
EMEA Client Service                                                                                      + 44 20 7618.2222
Americas Client Service                                                                                  +1 888 588 4567 (toll free)
Asia Pacific Client Service                                                                              + 852 2844 9333


This document and all of the information contained in it, including without limitation all text, data, graphs, charts (collectively, the “Information”) is the property of MSCI Inc. or
its subsidiaries (collectively, “MSCI”), or MSCI’s licensors, direct or indirect suppliers or any third party involved in making or compiling any Information (collectively, with MSCI,
the “Information Providers”) and is provided for informational purposes only. The Information may not be modified, reverse-engineered, reproduced or redisseminated in whole
or in part without prior written permission from MSCI. All rights in the Information are reserved by MSCI and/or its Information Providers.
The Information may not be used to create derivative works or to verify or correct other data or information. For example (but without limitation), the Information may not be
used to create indexes, databases, risk models, analytics, software, or in connection with the issuing, offering, sponsoring, managing or marketing of any securities, portfolios,
financial products or other investment vehicles utilizing or based on, linked to, tracking or otherwise derived from the Information or any other MSCI data, information, products
or services.
The user of the Information assumes the entire risk of any use it may make or permit to be made of the Information. NONE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS MAKES ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION (OR THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE USE THEREOF), AND TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH INFORMATION PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ORIGINALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE INFORMATION.
Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall any Information Provider have any liability regarding any of the
Information for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential (including lost profits) or any other damages even if notified of the possibility of such damages. The
foregoing shall not exclude or limit any liability that may not by applicable law be excluded or limited, including without limitation (as applicable), any liability for death or
personal injury to the extent that such injury results from the negligence or willful default of itself, its servants, agents or sub-contractors.
Information containing any historical information, data or analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis, forecast or prediction.
Past performance does not guarantee future results.
The Information should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when
making investment and other business decisions. All Information is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of any person, entity or group of persons.
None of the Information constitutes an offer to sell (or a solicitation of an offer to buy), any security, financial product or other investment vehicle or any trading strategy.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class or trading strategy or other category represented by an index is only available through third party
investable instruments (if any) based on that index. MSCI does not issue, sponsor, endorse, market, offer, review or otherwise express any opinion regarding any fund, ETF,
derivative or other security, investment, financial product or trading strategy that is based on, linked to or seeks to provide an investment return related to the performance of
any MSCI index (collectively, “Index Linked Investments”). MSCI makes no assurance that any Index Linked Investments will accurately track index performance or provide
positive investment returns. MSCI Inc. is not an investment adviser or fiduciary and MSCI makes no representation regarding t he advisability of investing in any Index Linked
Investments.
Index returns do not represent the results of actual trading of investible assets/securities. MSCI maintains and calculates indexes, but does not manage actual assets. Index
returns do not reflect payment of any sales charges or fees an investor may pay to purchase the securities underlying the index or Index Linked Investments. The imposition
of these fees and charges would cause the performance of an Index Linked Investment to be different than the MSCI index performance.
The Information may contain back tested data. Back-tested performance is not actual performance, but is hypothetical. There are frequently material differences between
back tested performance results and actual results subsequently achieved by any investment strategy.
Constituents of MSCI equity indexes are listed companies, which are included in or excluded from the indexes according to the application of the relevant index methodologies.
Accordingly, constituents in MSCI equity indexes may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI. Inclusion of a security within an MSCI index is not a
recommendation by MSCI to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.
Data and information produced by various affiliates of MSCI Inc., including MSCI ESG Research LLC and Barra LLC, may be used in calculating certain MSCI indexes. More
information can be found in the relevant index methodologies on www.msci.com.
MSCI receives compensation in connection with licensing its indexes to third parties. MSCI Inc.’s revenue includes fees based on assets in Index Linked Investments.
Information can be found in MSCI Inc.’s company filings on the Investor Relations section of www.msci.com.
MSCI ESG Research LLC is a Registered Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and a subsidiary of MSCI Inc. Except with respect to any applicable
products or services from MSCI ESG Research, neither MSCI nor any of its products or services recommends, endorses, approves or otherwise expresses any opinion regarding
any issuer, securities, financial products or instruments or trading strategies and MSCI’s products or services are not intended to constitute investment advice or a
recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. Issuers mentioned or included in any MSCI ESG Research
materials may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI, and may also purchase research or other products or services from MSCI ESG Research. MSCI ESG
Research materials, including materials utilized in any MSCI ESG Indexes or other products, have not been submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body.
Any use of or access to products, services or information of MSCI requires a license from MSCI. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics, IPD and other MSCI brands and product names are
the trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of MSCI or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Global Industry Classification Standard
(GICS) was developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P Global Market Intelligence. “Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS)” is a service mark of MSCI
and S&P Global Market Intelligence.
MIFID2/MIFIR notice: MSCI ESG Research LLC does not distribute or act as an intermediary for financial instruments or structured deposits, nor does it deal on its own account,
provide execution services for others or manage client accounts. No MSCI ESG Research product or service supports, promotes or is intended to support or promote any such
activity. MSCI ESG Research is an independent provider of ESG data, reports and ratings based on published methodologies and available to clients on a subscription basis.
We do not provide custom or one-off ratings or recommendations of securities or other financial instruments upon request.
Privacy notice: For information about how MSCI collects and uses personal data, please refer to our Privacy Notice at https://www.msci.com/privacy-pledge.
