                                                                                            PRESS RELEASE




MSCI Equity Indexes November 2018 Index Review
London – November 13, 2018 – MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and
analytics, announced the results of the November 2018 Semi-Annual Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes
- including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI Global Small Cap and MSCI Micro Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global
Value and Growth Indexes, the MSCI Frontier Markets, and MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI
Global Islamic and MSCI Global Islamic Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Pan-Euro and MSCI Euro Indexes, the MSCI
US Equity Indexes, the MSCI US REIT Index, the MSCI China A Indexes and the MSCI China All Shares Indexes. All
changes will be implemented as of the close of November 30, 2018. These changes have been posted on the
Index Review web page on MSCI's web site at https://www.msci.com/index-review.

MSCI Global Standard Indexes: Forty-eight securities will be added to and 66 securities will be deleted from the
MSCI ACWI. In the MSCI World Index, the three largest additions measured by full company market
capitalization will be Verbund A (Austria), Wellcare Health Plans (USA) and KKR & Co (USA). The three largest
additions to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index measured by full company market capitalization will be S F
Holding Co A (Hk-C) (China), 360 Security Technology A (Hk-C) (China) and China Shipbuilding Industry
Corporation A (Hk-C) (China).

The 2018 changes to the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS®) will be implemented in the MSCI Equity
Indexes as part of the 2018 Semi-Annual Index Review. Following the changes, among others, the
Telecommunication Services Sector will be broadened and renamed as Communication Services to include
certain companies currently classified in the Consumer Discretionary Sector such as Comcast (USA) and Netflix
(USA), as well as certain companies currently classified in the Information Technology Sector, including
Alphabet (USA) and Facebook (USA).

MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes: There will be 278 additions to and 335 deletions from the MSCI ACWI Small
Cap Index.

MSCI Global Investable Market Indexes: There will be 249 additions to and 324 deletions from the MSCI ACWI
Investable Market Index (IMI).

MSCI Global All Cap Indexes: There will be 347 additions to and 141 deletions from the MSCI World All Cap
Index.

MSCI Frontier Markets Indexes: There will be six additions to and six deletions from the MSCI Frontier Markets
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI Frontier Markets Index measured by full company market
capitalization will be Bank Audi Saradar Group (Lebanon), United Power Generation & Distribution Company
(Bangladesh) and Boubyan Petrochemicals (Kuwait). There will be 12 additions to and 21 deletions from the
MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Index.

MSCI Global Islamic Indexes: Thirty-three securities will be added to and 58 securities will be deleted from the
MSCI ACWI Islamic Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be China Mobile (China), China Shenhua A (Hk-C) (China) and Estee Lauder Companies
A (USA). There will be no additions to and four deletions from the MSCI Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC)
Countries ex Saudi Arabia IMI Islamic Index.
                                                                                                        PRESS RELEASE


MSCI US Equity Indexes: There will be eight securities added to and three securities deleted from the MSCI US
Large Cap 300 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be Square, Centene Corporation and Advanced Micro Devices.

Nineteen securities will be added to and 19 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index. The
three largest additions to the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index measured by full company market capitalization will
be KKR & Co, Brookfield Property REIT A and Sarepta Therapeutics.

Seventy-nine securities will be added to and 58 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Small Cap 1750
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Small Cap 1750 Index measured by full company market
capitalization will be Cubesmart, Ceridian HCM Holding and Graftech International.

There will be 40 additions to and 33 deletions from the MSCI US Micro Cap Index.

For the MSCI US Investable Market Value Index, there will be 156 additions or upward changes in Value
Inclusion Factor (VIF), and 116 deletions or downward changes in VIF. For the MSCI US Investable Market
Growth Index, there will be 114 additions or upward changes in Growth Inclusion Factors (GIF), and 129
deletions or downward changes in GIF.

MSCI US REIT Index: There will be two additions to and no deletions from the MSCI US REIT Index. The
additions to the MSCI US REIT Index will be Hannon Armstrong, and American Finance Trust A.

MSCI China A Onshore Indexes: There will be 14 additions to and 136 deletions from the MSCI China A
Onshore Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China A Index will be S F Holding Co A, 360 Security
Tech A and China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation A. There will be 218 additions to and 212 deletions from
the MSCI China A Onshore Small Cap Index.

MSCI China All Shares Indexes: There will be 28 additions to and 46 deletions from the MSCI China All Shares
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China All Shares Index will be S F Holding Co A, 360 Security
Technology A and China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation A. There will be 197 additions to and 344 deletions
from the MSCI China All Shares Small Cap Index.



                                                           -Ends-



About MSCI
For more than 40 years, MSCI’s research-based indexes and analytics have helped the world’s leading investors build and
manage better portfolios. Clients rely on our offerings for deeper insights into the drivers of performance and risk in their
portfolios, broad asset class coverage and innovative research.
Our line of products and services includes indexes, analytical models, data, real estate benchmarks and ESG research.
MSCI serves 99 of the top 100 largest money managers, according to the most recent P&I ranking.
For more information, visit us at www.msci.com.
                                                                                                                                                                   PRESS RELEASE



Media Inquiries
PR@msci.com

Sam Wang                                                                                                         +1 212 804 5244
Melanie Blanco                                                                                                   +1 212 981 1049
Laura Hudson                                                                                                     +44 20 7336 9653

MSCI Global Client Service
EMEA Client Service                                                                                              + 44 20 7618.2222
Americas Client Service                                                                                          +1 888 588 4567 (toll free)
Asia Pacific Client Service                                                                                      + 852 2844 9333




This document and all of the information contained in it, including without limitation all text, data, graphs, charts (collectively, the “Information”) is the property of MSCI Inc. or its
subsidiaries (collectively, “MSCI”), or MSCI’s licensors, direct or indirect suppliers or any third party involved in making or compiling any Information (collectively, with MSCI, the
“Information Providers”) and is provided for informational purposes only. The Information may not be modified, reverse-engineered, reproduced or redisseminated in whole or in part
without prior written permission from MSCI.

The Information may not be used to create derivative works or to verify or correct other data or information. For example (but without limitation), the Information may not be used to
create indexes, databases, risk models, analytics, software, or in connection with the issuing, offering, sponsoring, managing or marketing of any securities, portfolios, financial products or
other investment vehicles utilizing or based on, linked to, tracking or otherwise derived from the Information or any other MSCI data, information, products or services.

The user of the Information assumes the entire risk of any use it may make or permit to be made of the Information. NONE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION (OR THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE USE THEREOF), AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH INFORMATION PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ORIGINALITY,
ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE INFORMATION.

Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall any Information Provider have any liability regarding any of the Information
for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential (including lost profits) or any other damages even if notified of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing shall not exclude or
limit any liability that may not by applicable law be excluded or limited, including without limitation (as applicable), any liability for death or personal injury to the extent that such injury
results from the negligence or willful default of itself, its servants, agents or sub-contractors.

Information containing any historical information, data or analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis, forecast or prediction. Past
performance does not guarantee future results.

The Information should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making
investment and other business decisions. All Information is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of any person, entity or group of persons.

None of the Information constitutes an offer to sell (or a solicitation of an offer to buy), any security, financial product or other investment vehicle or any trading strategy.

It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class or trading strategy or other category represented by an index is only available through third party investable
instruments (if any) based on that index. MSCI does not issue, sponsor, endorse, market, offer, review or otherwise express any opinion regarding any fund, ETF, derivative or other
security, investment, financial product or trading strategy that is based on, linked to or seeks to provide an investment return related to the performance of any MSCI index (collectively,
“Index Linked Investments”). MSCI makes no assurance that any Index Linked Investments will accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns. MSCI Inc. is not
an investment adviser or fiduciary and MSCI makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in any Index Linked Investments.

Index returns do not represent the results of actual trading of investible assets/securities. MSCI maintains and calculates indexes, but does not manage actual assets. Index returns do not
reflect payment of any sales charges or fees an investor may pay to purchase the securities underlying the index or Index Linked Investments. The imposition of these fees and charges
would cause the performance of an Index Linked Investment to be different than the MSCI index performance.

The Information may contain back tested data. Back-tested performance is not actual performance, but is hypothetical. There are frequently material differences between back tested
performance results and actual results subsequently achieved by any investment strategy.

Constituents of MSCI equity indexes are listed companies, which are included in or excluded from the indexes according to the application of the relevant index methodologies. Accordingly,
constituents in MSCI equity indexes may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI. Inclusion of a security within an MSCI index is not a recommendation by MSCI to buy, sell,
or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.

Data and information produced by various affiliates of MSCI Inc., including MSCI ESG Research LLC and Barra LLC, may be used in calculating certain MSCI indexes. More information can be
found in the relevant index methodologies on www.msci.com.

MSCI receives compensation in connection with licensing its indexes to third parties. MSCI Inc.’s revenue includes fees based on assets in Index Linked Investments. Information can be
found in MSCI Inc.’s company filings on the Investor Relations section of www.msci.com.

MSCI ESG Research LLC is a Registered Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and a subsidiary of MSCI Inc. Except with respect to any applicable products or
services from MSCI ESG Research, neither MSCI nor any of its products or services recommends, endorses, approves or otherwise expresses any opinion regarding any issuer, securities,
financial products or instruments or trading strategies and MSCI’s products or services are not intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from
making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. Issuers mentioned or included in any MSCI ESG Research materials may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or
                                                                                                                                                              PRESS RELEASE


suppliers to MSCI, and may also purchase research or other products or services from MSCI ESG Research. MSCI ESG Research materials, including materials utilized in any MSCI ESG
Indexes or other products, have not been submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body.

Any use of or access to products, services or information of MSCI requires a license from MSCI. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics, IPD, and other MSCI brands and product names are the
trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of MSCI or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was developed
by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s. “Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS)” is a service mark of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s.
