                                                                                            PRESS RELEASE




MSCI Equity Indexes November 2017 Index Review
New York – November 13, 2017 – MSCI Inc. (NYSE: MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes and
analytics, announced today the results of the November 2017 Semi‐Annual Index Review for the MSCI Equity
Indexes – including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI Global Small Cap and MSCI Micro Cap Indexes, the MSCI
Global Value and Growth Indexes, the MSCI Frontier Markets and MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Indexes, the
MSCI Global Islamic and MSCI Global Islamic Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Pan‐Euro and MSCI Euro Indexes, the
MSCI US Equity Indexes, the MSCI US REIT Index, the MSCI China A Indexes and the MSCI China All Shares
Indexes. All changes will be implemented as of the close of November 30, 2017. These changes have been
posted on the Index Review web page on MSCI’s web site at https://www.msci.com/index-review.

MSCI Global Standard Indexes: Sixty-six securities will be added to and 56 securities will be deleted from the
MSCI ACWI Index. In the MSCI World Index, the three largest additions measured by full company market
capitalization will be Amundi (France), Allied Irish Banks (Ireland) and Drillisch (Germany). The three largest
additions to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index measured by full company market capitalization will be China
Molybdenum Co H (China), Polyus (Russia) and Grupo Carrefour Brasil (Brazil).

MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes: There will be 351 additions to and 270 deletions from the MSCI ACWI Small
Cap Index.

MSCI Global Investable Market Indexes: There will be 332 additions to and 241 deletions from the MSCI ACWI
Investable Market Index (IMI).

As announced on November 2, 2017, any securities of companies exhibiting unequal voting structures will be
ineligible for addition to the MSCI ACWI IMI until further notice. As a result, Snap A (USA) and ZTO Express ADR
A (China) will not be added to the MSCI ACWI Index. Also, there will be 17 securities not added to the MSCI
ACWI Small Cap Index.

MSCI Global All Cap Indexes: There will be 384 additions to and 113 deletions from the MSCI World All Cap
Index.

MSCI Global Value and Growth Indexes: For the MSCI ACWI Value Index, the largest additions or style changes
from Growth to Value will be Oracle Corp (USA), Altria Group (USA) and Honeywell International (USA). For the
MSCI ACWI Growth Index, the largest additions or style changes from Value to Growth will be Royal Bank of
Canada (Canada), Microsoft Corp (USA) and Abbvie (USA).

MSCI Frontier Markets Indexes: There will be five additions to and nine deletions from the MSCI Frontier
Markets Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI Frontier Markets Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be Grupo Supervielle B ADR (Argentina), Cosumar (Morocco) and Brac Bank
(Bangladesh). There will be 19 additions to and 17 deletions from the MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Index.

As previously announced, the Index Review changes for the MSCI Nigeria Indexes will no longer be postponed
and will be implemented as part of the November 2017 SAIR. MSCI also announced on October 26, 2017 that
the MSCI Nigeria Indexes will be maintained in Frontier Markets.
                                                                                             PRESS RELEASE


MSCI will discontinue the calculation of the MSCI Ghana Index, currently maintained as a Standalone Market
Index. There will be no investable company left to maintain in the MSCI Ghana Index.

MSCI Global Islamic Indexes: Thirty-five securities will be added to and 46 securities will be deleted from the
MSCI ACWI Islamic Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be DXC Technology (USA), Renesas Electronics Corp (Japan) and Andeavor (USA).
There will be one addition to and no deletions from the MSCI Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Countries ex
Saudi Arabia IMI Islamic Index.

MSCI US Equity Indexes: There will be seven securities added to and four securities deleted from the MSCI US
Large Cap 300 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be Lam Research Corp, Autodesk, and Stanley Black & Decker.

Nineteen securities will be added to and 16 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index. The
three largest additions to the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index measured by full company market capitalization will
be Dentsply Sirona, Noble Energy, and Twitter.

Eighty-three securities will be added to and 39 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Small Cap 1750
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Small Cap 1750 Index measured by full company market
capitalization will be Gardner Denver Holdings, Onemain Holdings, and Teradata.

There will be 31 additions to and 22 deletions from the MSCI US Micro Cap Index.

As announced on November 2, 2017, any securities of companies exhibiting unequal voting structures will be
ineligible for addition to the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index until further notice. As a result, Altice USA
A will not be added to the MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index. There will be no impact on the MSCI US Mid Cap 450
Index. Also, there will be 12 securities not added to the MSCI US Small Cap 1750 Index.

For the MSCI US Investable Market Value Index, there will be 175 additions or upward changes in Value
Inclusion Factor (VIFs), and 96 deletions or downward changes in VIFs. For the MSCI US Investable Market
Growth Index, there will be 135 additions or upward changes in Growth Inclusion Factors (GIFs), and 136
deletions or downward changes in GIFs.

MSCI US REIT Index: There will be two additions to and one deletion from the MSCI US REIT Index. The
additions to the MSCI US REIT Index will be Preferred Apartment Communities and Community Healthcare.

MSCI China A Indexes: There will be 25 additions to and 96 deletions from the MSCI China A Index. The three
largest additions to the MSCI China A Index will be Shaanxi Coal Industry A, Rongsheng Petro Chemical A and
Shanghai Lingang Holdings A. There will be 183 additions to and 56 deletions from the MSCI China A Small Cap
Index.

MSCI China A International Large Cap Provisional Index: There will be 14 additions to and five deletions from
the MSCI China A International Large Cap Provisional Index.

The results of the November 2017 Semi‐Annual Index Review of the MSCI Pan‐Euro and MSCI Euro Indexes and
the MSCI Global Islamic Small Cap Indexes, and the MSCI China All Shares Indexes have also been posted on the
Index Review web page on MSCI’s web site at https://www.msci.com/index-review.
                                                                                                                                                        PRESS RELEASE




                                                                                      -Ends-



About MSCI
For more than 40 years, MSCI’s research-based indexes and analytics have helped the world’s leading investors build and
manage better portfolios. Clients rely on our offerings for deeper insights into the drivers of performance and risk in their
portfolios, broad asset class coverage and innovative research.
Our line of products and services includes indexes, analytical models, data, real estate benchmarks and ESG research.
MSCI serves 99 of the top 100 largest money managers, according to the most recent P&I ranking.
For more information, visit us at www.msci.com.



Media Inquiries
PR@msci.com

Sam Wang                                                                                                 +1 212 804 5244

MSCI Global Client Service
EMEA Client Service                                                                                      + 44 20 7618.2222
Americas Client Service                                                                                  1 888 588 4567 (toll free)
Asia Pacific Client Service                                                                              + 852 2844 9333


This document and all of the information contained in it, including without limitation all text, data, graphs, charts (collectively, the “Information”) is the property of MSCI Inc. or
its subsidiaries (collectively, “MSCI”), or MSCI’s licensors, direct or indirect suppliers or any third party involved in making or compiling any Information (collectively, with MSCI,
the “Information Providers”) and is provided for informational purposes only. The Information may not be modified, reverse-engineered, reproduced or redisseminated in
whole or in part without prior written permission from MSCI.

The Information may not be used to create derivative works or to verify or correct other data or information. For example (but without limitation), the Information may not
be used to create indexes, databases, risk models, analytics, software, or in connection with the issuing, offering, sponsoring, managing or marketing of any securities,
portfolios, financial products or other investment vehicles utilizing or based on, linked to, tracking or otherwise derived from the Information or any other MSCI data,
information, products or services.

The user of the Information assumes the entire risk of any use it may make or permit to be made of the Information. NONE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS MAKES ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION (OR THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE USE THEREOF), AND TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH INFORMATION PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ORIGINALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE)
WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE INFORMATION.

Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall any Information Provider have any liability regarding any of the
Information for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential (including lost profits) or any other damages even if notified of the possibility of such damages. The
foregoing shall not exclude or limit any liability that may not by applicable law be excluded or limited, including without limitation (as applicable), any liability for death or
personal injury to the extent that such injury results from the negligence or willful default of itself, its servants, agents or sub-contractors.

Information containing any historical information, data or analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis, forecast or
prediction. Past performance does not guarantee future results.

The Information should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when
making investment and other business decisions. All Information is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of any person, entity or group of persons.

None of the Information constitutes an offer to sell (or a solicitation of an offer to buy), any security, financial product or other investment vehicle or any trading strategy.

It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class or trading strategy or other category represented by an index is only available through third party
investable instruments (if any) based on that index. MSCI does not issue, sponsor, endorse, market, offer, review or otherwise express any opinion regarding any fund, ETF,
                                                                                                                                                    PRESS RELEASE


derivative or other security, investment, financial product or trading strategy that is based on, linked to or seeks to provide an investment return related to the performance of
any MSCI index (collectively, “Index Linked Investments”). MSCI makes no assurance that any Index Linked Investments will accurately track index performance or provide
positive investment returns. MSCI Inc. is not an investment adviser or fiduciary and MSCI makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in any Index Linked
Investments.

Index returns do not represent the results of actual trading of investible assets/securities. MSCI maintains and calculates indexes, but does not manage actual assets. Index
returns do not reflect payment of any sales charges or fees an investor may pay to purchase the securities underlying the index or Index Linked Investments. The imposition of
these fees and charges would cause the performance of an Index Linked Investment to be different than the MSCI index performance.

The Information may contain back tested data. Back-tested performance is not actual performance, but is hypothetical. There are frequently material differences between
back tested performance results and actual results subsequently achieved by any investment strategy.

Constituents of MSCI equity indexes are listed companies, which are included in or excluded from the indexes according to the application of the relevant index methodologies.
Accordingly, constituents in MSCI equity indexes may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI. Inclusion of a security within an MSCI index is not a
recommendation by MSCI to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.

Data and information produced by various affiliates of MSCI Inc., including MSCI ESG Research LLC and Barra LLC, may be used in calculating certain MSCI indexes. More
information can be found in the relevant index methodologies on www.msci.com.

MSCI receives compensation in connection with licensing its indexes to third parties. MSCI Inc.’s revenue includes fees based on assets in Index Linked Investments.
Information can be found in MSCI Inc.’s company filings on the Investor Relations section of www.msci.com.

MSCI ESG Research LLC is a Registered Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and a subsidiary of MSCI Inc. Except with respect to any applicable
products or services from MSCI ESG Research, neither MSCI nor any of its products or services recommends, endorses, approves or otherwise expresses any opinion regarding
any issuer, securities, financial products or instruments or trading strategies and MSCI’s products or services are not intended to constitute investment advice or a
recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. Issuers mentioned or included in any MSCI ESG Research
materials may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI, and may also purchase research or other products or services from MSCI ESG Research. MSCI ESG
Research materials, including materials utilized in any MSCI ESG Indexes or other products, have not been submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body.

Any use of or access to products, services or information of MSCI requires a license from MSCI. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics, IPD, FEA, InvestorForce, and other MSCI brands and
product names are the trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of MSCI or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Global Industry
Classification Standard (GICS) was developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s. “Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS)” is a service mark
of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s.
