                                                                                   PRESS RELEASE




MSCI Equity Indexes November 2020 Index
Review
London – November 10, 2020 – MSCI Inc. (NYSE:MSCI), a leading provider of research-based indexes
and analytics, announced today the results of the November 2020 Semi-Annual Index Review for the
MSCI Equity Indexes - including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI Global Small Cap and MSCI Micro
Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global Value and Growth Indexes, the MSCI Frontier Markets and MSCI Frontier
Markets Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global Islamic Indexes, the MSCI US Equity Indexes, the MSCI
US REIT Index, the MSCI China A Onshore indexes and the MSCI China All Shares Indexes. All changes
will be implemented as of the close of November 30, 2020. These changes have been posted on the
Index Review web page on MSCI's web site at https://www.msci.com/index-review .

Inclusion of the MSCI Kuwait Indexes in Emerging Markets: As previously announced, MSCI will
reclassify Kuwait from Frontier Markets to Emerging Markets in one step coinciding with this Index
Review. Seven Kuwaiti securities will be added to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index at an aggregate
weight of 0.58%.

MSCI Global Standard Indexes: One hundred forty-one securities will be added to and 135 securities
will be deleted from the MSCI ACWI Index. There will be 47 additions to and 57 deletions from the
MSCI World Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI World Index by full company market
capitalization will be Chewy A (USA), Zillow Group A (USA) and Immunomedics (USA). The three
largest additions to the MSCI Emerging Markets Index measured by full company market capitalization
will be Kotak Mahindra Bank (India), Beigene Adr (Cn) (China) and Smoore International (China).

MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes: There will be 489 additions to and 229 deletions from the MSCI ACWI
Small Cap Index.

MSCI Global Investable Market Indexes: There will be 503 additions to and 237 deletions from the
MSCI ACWI Investable Market Index (IMI).

MSCI Global All Cap Indexes: There will be 503 additions to and 105 deletions from the MSCI World
All Cap Index.

MSCI Frontier Markets Indexes: There will be two additions to and 10 deletions from the MSCI
Frontier Markets Index. The addition to the MSCI Frontier Markets Index will be Kcb Group (Kenya).
There will be 12 additions to and 17 deletions from the MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Index.

As a reminder, in light of currently observed market accessibility issues, MSCI will not implement
changes as part of the November 2020 SAIR for any securities classified in Bangladesh, Lebanon or
Nigeria for the MSCI Bangladesh, Lebanon and Nigeria Indexes or impacted composite in dexes. In
addition, in the context of the reclassification of Kuwait to the MSCI Emerging Markets Indexes, MSCI
will apply a Limited Investability Factor (LIF) on securities in the equity universe of Bangladesh,
Lebanon and Nigeria with the objective of keeping their weights unchanged in the MSCI Frontier
Markets Index as of the price cutoff date for the November 2020 SAIR.
                                                                                    PRESS RELEASE

MSCI Global Islamic Indexes: Forty securities will be added to and 89 securities will be deleted from
the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI ACWI Islamic Index measured
by full company market capitalization will be Atlas Copco B (Sweden), Atlas Copco A (Sweden) and
Neste Corporation (Finland). There will be three additions to and three deletions from the MSCI Gulf
Cooperation Council (GCC) Countries ex Saudi Arabia IMI Islamic Index.

MSCI US Equity Indexes: There will be seven securities added to and 10 securities deleted from the
MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Large Cap 300 Index
measured by full company market capitalization will be Synopsys, Costar Group and Peloton
Interactive A.

Thirty-one securities will be added to and 32 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Mid Cap 450
Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Mid Cap 450 Index measured by full company
market capitalization will be P G & E Corp, Solaredge Technologies, and Ventas.

Ninety-six securities will be added to and 46 securities will be deleted from the MSCI US Small Cap
1750 Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI US Small Cap 1750 Index measured by full
company market capitalization will be Tcf Financial Corp, Cullen Frost Bankers and New York Commu
Bancorp.

There will be 33 additions to and 23 deletions from the MSCI US Micro Cap Index.

For the MSCI US Investable Market Value Index, there will be 152 additions or upward changes in
Value Inclusion Factor (VIFs), and 143 deletions or downward changes in VIFs. For the MSCI US
Investable Market Growth Index, there will be 221 additions or upward changes in Growth Inclusion
Factors (GIFs), and 149 deletions or downward changes in GIFs.

MSCI US REIT Index: There will be no additions to and two deletions from the MSCI US REIT Index.

MSCI China A Onshore Indexes: There will be 58 additions to and 23 deletions from the MSCI China A
Onshore Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China A Onshore Index will be Yihai Kerry
Arawana A, Great Wall Motor A and Montage Tech A. There will be 293 additions to and 22 deletions
from the MSCI China A Onshore Small Cap Index.

MSCI China All Shares Indexes: There will be 60 additions to and 55 deletions from the MSCI China All
Shares Index. The three largest additions to the MSCI China All Shares Index will be Yihai Kerry
Arawana A, Beigene Adr (Cn) and Smoore International. There will be 354 additions to and 45 deletions
from the MSCI China All Shares Small Cap Index.




                                                -Ends-
                                                                                                                                                                    PRESS RELEASE




About MSCI
MSCI is a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community.
With over 45 years of expertise in research, data and technology, we power better investment decisions by
enabling clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently build more effective
portfolios. We create industry-leading research-enhanced solutions that clients use to gain insight into and
improve transparency across the investment process. To learn more, please visit www.msci.com.



Media Inquiries
PR@msci.com

Sam Wang                                                                                                            +1 212 804 5244
Melanie Blanco                                                                                                      +1 212 981 1049
Rachel Lai                                                                                                          +852 2844 9315


MSCI Global Client Service
EMEA Client Service                                                                                                 + 44 20 7618.2222
Americas Client Service                                                                                             +1 888 588 4567 (toll free)
Asia Pacific Client Service                                                                                         + 852 2844 9333


This document and all of the information contained in it, including without limitation all text, data, graphs, charts (collectively, the “Information”) is the property of MSCI Inc. or its subsidiaries
(collectively, “MSCI”), or MSCI’s licensors, direct or indirect suppliers or any third party involved in making or compiling any Information (collectively, with MSCI, the “Informat ion Providers”)
and is provided for informational purposes only. The Information may not be modified, reverse-engineered, reproduced or redisseminated in whole or in part without prior written permission
from MSCI.
The Information may not be used to create derivative works or to verify or correct other data or information. For example ( but without limitation), the Information may not be used to create
indexes, databases, risk models, analytics, software, or in connection with the issuing, offering, sponsoring, managing or marketing of any securities, portfolios, financial products or other
investment vehicles utilizing or based on, linked to, tracking or otherwise derived from the Information or any other MSCI data, information, products or services.
The user of the Information assumes the entire risk of any use it may make or permit to be made of the Information. NONE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDERS MAKES ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION (OR THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE USE THEREOF), AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH INFORMATION PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF ORIGINALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE
INFORMATION.
Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall any Information Provider have any liability regarding any of the Information
for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential (including lost profits) or any other damages even if notified of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing shall not exclude or
limit any liability that may not by applicable law be excluded or limited, including without limitation (as applicable), any liability for death or personal injury to the extent that such injury results
from the negligence or willful default of itself, its servants, agents or sub-contractors.
Information containing any historical information, data or analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis, forecast or prediction. Past
performance does not guarantee future results.
The Information should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment
and other business decisions. All Information is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of any person, entity or group of persons.
None of the Information constitutes an offer to sell (or a solicitation of an offer to buy), any security, financial product or other investment vehicle or any trading strategy.
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Exposure to an asset class or trading strategy or other category represented by an index is only available through third party investable
instruments (if any) based on that index. MSCI does not issue, sponsor, endorse, market, offer, review or otherwise express any opinion regarding any fund, ETF, derivative or other security,
investment, financial product or trading strategy that is based on, linked to or seeks to provide an investment return related to the performance of any MSCI index (collectively, “Index Linked
Investments”). MSCI makes no assurance that any Index Linked Investments will accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns. MSCI Inc. is not an investment
adviser or fiduciary and MSCI makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in any Index Linked Investments.
Index returns do not represent the results of actual trading of investible assets/securities. MSCI maintains and calculates indexes, but does not manage actual assets. Index returns do not
reflect payment of any sales charges or fees an investor may pay to purchase the securities underlying the index or Index Linked Investments. The imposition of these fees and charges
would cause the performance of an Index Linked Investment to be different than the MSCI index performance.
The Information may contain back tested data. Back-tested performance is not actual performance, but is hypothetical. There are frequently material differences between back tested
performance results and actual results subsequently achieved by any investment strategy.
                                                                                                                                                         PRESS RELEASE

Constituents of MSCI equity indexes are listed companies, which are included in or excluded from the indexes according to the application of the relevant index methodologies. Accordingly,
constituents in MSCI equity indexes may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or suppliers to MSCI. Inclusion of a security within an MSCI index is not a recommendation by MSCI to buy, sell,
or hold such security, nor is it considered to be investment advice.
Data and information produced by various affiliates of MSCI Inc., including MSCI ESG Research LLC and Barra LLC, may be used in calculating certain MSCI indexes. More information can
be found in the relevant index methodologies on www.msci.com.
MSCI receives compensation in connection with licensing its indexes to third parties. MSCI Inc.’s revenue includes fees based on assets in Index Linked Investments. Information can be
found in MSCI Inc.’s company filings on the Investor Relations section of www.msci.com.
MSCI ESG Research LLC is a Registered Investment Adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and a subsidiary of MSCI Inc. Except with respect to any applicable productsor
services from MSCI ESG Research, neither MSCI nor any of its products or services recommends, endorses, approves or otherwise expresses any opinion regarding any issuer, securities,
financial products or instruments or trading strategies and MSCI’s products or services are not intended to constitute invest ment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from
making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. Issuers mentioned or included in any MSCI ESG Research materials may include MSCI Inc., clients of MSCI or
suppliers to MSCI, and may also purchase research or other products or services from MSCI ESG Research. MSCI ESG Research materials, including materials utilized in any MSCI ESG
Indexes or other products, have not been submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body.
Any use of or access to products, services or information of MSCI requires a license from MSCI. MSCI, Barra, RiskMetrics, IPD and other MSCI brands and product names are the trademarks,
service marks, or registered trademarks of MSCI or its subsidiaries in the United States and other jurisdictions. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was developed by and is
the exclusive property of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s. “Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS)” is a service mark of MSCI and Standard & Poor’s.
MIFID2/MIFIR notice: MSCI ESG Research LLC does not distribute or act as an intermediary for financial instruments or structured deposits, nor does it deal on its own account, provide
execution services for others or manage client accounts. No MSCI ESG Research product or service supports, promotes or is intended to support or promote any such activity. MSCI ESG
Research is an independent provider of ESG data, reports and ratings based on published methodologies and available to client s on a subscription basis. We do not provide custom or one-
off ratings or recommendations of securities or other financial instruments upon request.
Privacy notice: For information about how MSCI ESG Research LLC collects and uses personal data concerning officers and direc tors, please refer to our Privacy Notice at
https://www.msci.com/privacy-pledge.
